Those book without and so I'm going to start recording.
Alright and welcome again to the third day of the arts program for yellows 2021 18, I think.
I think I hadn't Oh my. Okay.
I'm sorry I just threw myself a little bit. I wanted to just begin as I did before but thinking the other members of the performance committee Claire Donato asked her to insulin and can sit here who helped quite a bit with this process, as well as everybody
else involved with the conference.
We have. We just had Chris for Russia with a live performance that was purely live and now we're going to continue on with a continuation from yesterday.
Oh I also wanted to mention that it is possible that we may have a surprise performance today.
I got a notification from my landlord, that he intended to come by and drop in sometime during this hour into my apartment, and I replied and suggested perhaps a different time would be better, but I'm not sure that he won't actually just appear behind
me at any time.
So I hope that's some kind of electronic or literary interest if that does happen, but maybe also just have my, my camera off at that moment, if it happens.
So first up in the live. Recorded live program, we have Daria Petrova and company. Continuing from yesterday with freedom is freedom is freedom is freedom Daria, are you ready.
Yes, thank you. I'm ready.
So, it's evening, I'm happy to see you all here today actually just me without company company we said yesterday.
So, yesterday with all the live performance at the telegram chat.
Everybody who wish to participate in these, and those kinds of dreams work as dreams, and participants.
Proceed. Some task for me to turn it on, and so on the show is there.
Yes, this participant here from yesterday's performance. So please raise your hand.
I'd like to see how many of you here. So I'm actually not, not so much in the context of this show discussion because I would like to speak with you about.
Touch poetry, and it's extremely interesting for me to know your opinion to this question, and if you read me, I have some questions to, to all of us.
So, what do you think about chat poetry. Do you feel that it could be compassionate, creative two or not So, and if you know some odd pages, just general, I will be very grateful for sharing with me.
So, If you,
If you know please share it with me.
Yeah, I can you can you can share it and just so
I also would be grateful for sharing your mind about yesterday's woke, and our chat conversations or communication.
So maybe a short impressions and your feelings about all this experiment.
Oh man think have enjoyed it.
Okay, thank you.
So, my invitation vision was to give the participants sense of freedom, and involve your inner child and their artists to get out of everyday life. So, did you feel something like this, or, you know, just some enjoying and very strange task.
For me, one of the task was to put your hair on the ground and to hear.
For the sound and fair by voice message.
Oh.
Oh, thank you for your response.
Yeah.
And one
Um, One more. My question was about
time for the fast enough, or it wasn't enough for you. How did you feel it was too fast or too slow.
Only lucky. Thank you for sharing.
Oh, thank you for example.
And
how do you feel, If you're taking part in such fans of improvisation telegram chat. If you are making business proof space station at the telegram chat should be be prepared with some media files and so on, always better.
In order to make live for the lesson, we do, how do she was
not prepared. Okay.
Yeah. Yes, Mark, thank you for 302 miles and yet, I just wish to, you know, to give you some rest. Without cream. Just woke me up to telegraph that
so far. Okay.
Okay, thank you.
So maybe.
Maybe you could share with me some, some proposals or discuss my invention both to make you thinking about your inner freedom. And if you have some idea how to domain to this choice, small wide with charity with me.
And if you had some experience in chat boy to ensure that it may precious gentle, so please do it.
And I think I will wait some examples and forward in this room chat.
So, thank you for
Marcus I think maybe Martin denied to have some form, respond to each other's posts.
If it's nice idea, cause it may be, you know, make this more or each communication yet not not only the like, not like I'm a chat boards.
We start the fields of communication is not be interesting.
So, thank you so much if you have more ideas or examples, or would like to share your experience.
I will be happy to see the chat.
Oh, thank you. And thanks for your attention again.
I think that my discussion in this file of charges over so thank you so much for your participation for your opinion, and for your problem.
Please The hope is he may be here on Facebook your childhood childbirth experience, because it's one of my favorite dinner.
yeah, thank you for sedition, I was
me and my to do.
The.
We deployed the intensity.
Because we have this performance.
Might be a month ago.
And we have documentation. I will show you just some, some business.
Yeah, just second title on the opening.
Sounds Yvonne
not hearing any system sound. Is it is it should there be sound right now.
You need to take the box on the bottom left when you screen share to allow some systems.
No.
don't put on your shoes.
No, I can hear it. Could you make it full screen on your screen I think that'll make it a little bigger for
my voice message.
Hello my eyes, and she left was
content
threat.
This.
This is this one.
Computer
say she's my soul,
put on your shoes and go outside.
I see a meter. I smell, I should say.
I see a rainbow.
Wait for a while, next to the door. Think carefully, why not, not just wait why huh seven words.
MUSZGO.
I wouldn't want to go another adult
center rock
passion for what is
compulsory coded 19 prevention. Tell neighbors about it.
Okay.
So despite this rotations for the minute so also the first prompt was about one hour and 30 minutes.
So we used to be you will like you to take only 40 minutes for performance.
So, for my point it would be interesting to to surge
telegram chat is great if to and try such experiments. Again, in the game.
So thank you again for your attention.
Wonderful. Thank you, Darren and that the video that I was just showing will appear in the performance gallery it's not there yet, but it will be there tomorrow.
And again for everyone the URL of that gallery, just so you have it because it also has additional context for our other performances and projects.
There it is in the chat.
So next up we have Dana Larsen of much beloved figure, yellow, with chronic Dina, are you also.
I am all set. I can share my screen. Let's see if this works.
Your people seeing rainbow glasses.
Yes, yes. okay.
Lovely. Um, and shout out to Kevin O'Brien who is here, and the Georgia Tech students, and my deep apologies. I only have 10 minutes. And we do have a prototype, but didn't quite fit.
I wasn't quite confident of it so this will not be in the exhibit, but we will get there eventually.
This is chronic my personal Santa do.
And it is written in both English simple version, chronic and Rose, the complex reading here is a sea of surprise unexpectedness, the age of joy and sorrow intertwine gold with the painful memories.
On top of the good ones.
Oh, positive intersecting the end of highest truth shattered by my love, and I in time together. to see again unconventional.
So this is chronic, it is written, somewhat in rose language about 10 to 20 50%.
And in grows every letter in the Roman alphabet has a particular meaning a surprise to it. And every one of those has two to 16 different symbols that you can use to describe a variation on that so D for example is middle or close or far.
Oh good or bad. And I developed this language as a code when I was in high school so no one could read my journal.
And my dear love.
She wanted me to publish it so I'm still trying the promise that sometime I will get this.
Margie Larson. What a wonderful woman. Anyway, this is a memoir and 193 written handwritten pages, Julianne jewels channeling has helped me. Marjorie Lucy Brink and Stephanie told me to write it and honestly you guys I am it's just taking me a lot longer
than we thought it would. Um, the you can click on any of the handwritten pages to see the art, so I thought that we would go through one of them, which is 125 I think Ted Nelson.
And we have a prototype Yay, that rotates the page it's insane it seems out and it selects.
So you can click on any of these links and we're texting shimmer and you can click on them.
This one, no Ben becomes right side up.
For those of you with tape recorders, I am Ted Nelson, with the first words I ever heard Ted Nelson speak in 1993.
But there's also a shadow of rose, and I want to read that complex forge to use the F finite touchy grinning but the E. Well, time out of time, to the positive, Emma gentle energy but you not understanding the word.
Forget also T.
Impossible.
of or more of good memories with joy and sorrow tape Ilan pass coming into the end of deception recorders reporters, the T possible but the P angry.
And I'm just going to read this, you do have in the real one of a way to read, simple and complex and to tell you how long I've been working on this, I recorded all of the simple and complex in South Africa, in 2016.
We're working on it.
I first met Ted Nelson at the 1993 ACM hypertext conference in Seattle. I can't remember the past the topic we were fiercely debating but Ted Nelson strode into the room and let us know who he was before he gave his peace.
The P of anger.
I quoted from literary machines and my thesis, sharing in his dream of text context that could be so much more than a string of words on a page, rage, or later a string, bring of words worlds on a screen, one after the other.
Since my first encounter with Ted, I'd heard him speak perhaps a dozen times.
I hear, hear heart mt impossible is paying P of anger that we the EF then, a long time ago. Could the D of distance, have done so much we could have recharged really changed the way humanity thinks reacts and we didn't.
I've always been intrigued by totes ideas so at the trace conference in 2004, I went up to Ted's latest venture. After his talk said, Well, this works well, W of strength.
Some well this works well, W of strength, here. Ah of joy, but this breaks are painful memories leaks ko give up already. That's of change here, sadness, and if you did this you could get this but see how much this piece doesn't mesh here.
Now our actual talk was some much more technical whatnot and nodding him.
Ted and I stayed close closeted to his computer, figuring out the angles. Now, Ted records and videos every moment movement t possible and impossible of finite his life and his has faults faults of these past notes.
It is a one to two impossible. One mapping, and I don't to impossible now if anyone will Aspire spend and spire.
I or their time, their life time em too much energy going through so much.
He asked about materials and took a picture and video.
I told him about my decision process, developed my government job where teams, figure out needs options and resources and arrive at mutually agreeable plans of actions.
So, Ted gets me in his car care to meet a software development team that night out and more in the others and we spend the entire night and it's notes and broken coffee makers of pizza crust and hardware and machines and his team comes up with an entirely
new plan planet.
Tennis impressed him stressed, with how his plan comes together and tells me to go into business with my decision making consulting.
Yeah, I decided to follow Ted's t impossible.
He time out of time D so damn distant Nelson's advice.
So I wanted to business as a change, selling telling the G, fat, my decision process to a wide variety of businesses.
My Business Model Model failed utterly muttered.
I am not a good salesperson P of anger, I rebel reveal and ideas ideals, not in dollars and I could not get, she said he time out of time to impossible, the hang of the profits and loss so I lost my savings savings as well.
Now the irony. The why so deeply vulnerable of following Ted's advice. Life has never left me ideas before their time be at Santa DD so distant and you so in comprehensible or rational rationale, decision making, I never profitable.
And I can only imagine the bitterness.
The order, o, o negative.
All her painful memories de close and get so far, he time well out of normal time are again so painful to remind us of magnitude magnificence bitterness the S of change.
the TED must feel.
So that's my little vignette about chronic and chronic has started. Um, we have the working prototype, I really need a bit more help to make this a real reality.
We've gone so far we've done more progress this year than we have in 13 years. Oh my god. So, we're past the abandoned where we're basically into the vaporware yeah we could make this work where and we're into the GitHub development where I'm, which has
helped a lot.
And the people who have made this possible are Georgia Tech, a print screen this so that you get Katie shags email, because she can help you get a Georgia Tech application for your own work.
But Justin and undone and Hassan and Ebro Hannah Mitchell and Kevin have worked so hard this year in getting me something I don't dare show because does break a bit, and, you know, I don't know if we have any time for questions are gone over my time.
We have a little bit of time.
If anyone little bit but we have a question yeah let me know.
Um, and also, many of you have had have had me have right there. Their names and Rose language, if you email me.
We can do that we have about that doesn't quite work that will also translate things into roads.
And I'm, I'm not looking all the way down into the chat sorry.
Uh, yes it was incredible that the GT students were able to help me with this amazing print presence and Katie has her email in the chat. And again, I do want to say, this book is huge.
Part of the issue is, you know, if somebody who's willing to work for what I can barely pay them on a government salary, I, my hands don't work well. So I do need help getting all of these into SVG code.
It's going to be at two to 400 hours with the work.
So, yes, we're not quite at the full realization yet Katie but we are so much closer. Thank you, Kevin who is here. Yay.
And Katie. Thank you.
I guess I'll end with that, thank you.
Yeah, never be a pioneer, it's too painful.
I can stop sharing my screen I think I had this problem last time.
Hope you guys were able to see my screen.
Oh yeah, we saw I just find it. That was beautiful, you may want to take control again in because what's been happening in my spine is I lose the chat window, or I lose the zoom window out there it is stop sharing.
Okay, I got it.
Thanks.
Thank you so much, Tina that was so beautiful, so it's so nice to hear you read that work in particular was looking at that texting me read it.
I mean it, it opens up a lot of layers and it's just essentially Yeah, it's kind of fun because it is paper.
There will be a paper version someday.
And it's online and we're hoping for a phone version as well.
Again, email me
if you can help at all.
I'll put it in the chat.
All right, thank you again Tina, and I look forward to seeing them realized.
Next up on our program we have another beloved figure we have David job a Johnston job every reading.
This will be D platform is embodied 20 years of clear.ca. Yeah, am I visible, am I Audible, you are.
Thank you, Dina, that was so beautiful. And to Darien and Chris like.
Anyway, so I have no idea about how to do performances on zoom.
I'm going to share with everyone a dock, in which they can put their chat comment, because I find the same thing as Alan those little chat comments that appear over the screen while I'm working they just too bothersome.
So please have a conversation. I'll be partially watching that document. If you don't have an extra screen well I guess it's a problem.
I'm going to do a quick share screen and hopefully this will all be audible. And now I can't see anything, right, because I've got a single screen.
So, in, you're going to tell me if this is going to happen is this happening, it's happening.
And is it Audible, are we listening to organic website design and no topic any pesticides radiological toxins.
We are. Oh, isn't that nice, so that was 1999, have we gone anywhere like have we changed as we've moved from these user configurable open apparatuses imagine the joy of arriving at a place where suddenly you could get words to physically move, and then
the depression that occurs in 2021. When you discover that you the corporation which sold you the software, after you bought a cracked, you have the correct version you bought the software, and then they stopped potentially unsafe operation, it feels
but let's have a look at this unsafe world. This is January, 2001. This is the young carpenter, working on like this open space of making things move around in strange ways and enjoying the way the waves.
Open up. Awareness begins outside us and interest to die, everything outside begins within us within us there is nothing nothing begins nowhere. Here begins now.
The structure of this Don decaying Nebula is perfectly more but relevant compassionate virtual violence is somehow hoarding everything within the interface.
And these interfaces themselves full of large 832 files and images, Twitter Nate 98 files and mp3 is dead doesn't work anymore.
So the way I feel about the platform and the pandemic of the whole movement toward the infinite scroll is a we've become enamored by the goddamn fucking weeds of corporate control, and that sort of stuff is sprouting over us everywhere.
There's no way we can explore anymore. We're morose and jubilant as we helplessly and hopelessly tried with a being killed by the Corporation somewhere.
And this is why recursion is important, why the glistening apparatus of built in code that you do yourself can be so helpful.
And that puts us into an interested ego region it's somewhere between the life and death portion and almost unheard in dissipation place where timelessness and time, enter into a drinking state.
A place where we've seen from as many angles as subjectivity will allow.
And this.
And then in that resolute silence the proceeds discovery.
Perfection is born itself dies.
It's something I can't really speak of something just done without me within me.
And I lack in this first embodied moment, the neural capacity to comprehend.
Within this hijack brain of the platform of the body.
On calibrated sensors plasticity will be necessary.
Identity congealed are in continuity death does not exist. Life oscillate, it forms untamed desire takes time.
And then this week maybe understand that all code is going to die. All of the bodies code is an ode, and somehow in the super abundance of life. Things have lost their knowledge of things.
And now, is his last.
And not a thing.
It's not a deed. It's not dead, it's somehow indeed in between words, an action.
It's now here in the debris rolling along the generous infinite passage between virtual platforms where the blend this of propaganda and mental debris blow everywhere.
The hierarchies sprout
animosity takes root.
The scene polarizes.
So it becomes what you feel and feels what you become nice luminous lash accidents line up to become you memories ash interpretations fire.
What are we attached to careening reservoirs of molecules.
New nucleus strands cleaving like exit ropes clinging to the paper clinging to the certainty of an easy interface, even as the lump that kills us that kills and clarifies the light of embodied for the hand and the heat, all the heart of the hair and the
The hand and the heat, all the heart of the hair and the skin and breath of love the smell of light.
The love that we share in knots. The juice that fever asleep eaten the merging and writing all of it is play as we lurched in blind holding and seeking.
All of it is itching. All of it is DNA junk space crowds emptiness power accelerating discourse Machines down immaculate recursive interested in singing.
This is an implacable paradox future of flexible pandemic platform and it's an adopter bleep solutions.
So, space inside the social media I feel a little bit paranoid, you know, get your camera checking me how you you regarding what I'm typing my heart rate my domain right you got it all worked out to him You and your voyeuristic malignant curiosity.
I want to buy that thing do I want to buy that thing going to click that.
I'm going to put an end to it I'm going to delete all my accounts you don't believe me well fuck you. Here it's done, it's done.
Hold on. It's over. Hold on my left.
I've left.
Left.
I feel better.
I'm not anywhere here. I'm with the pollen in the air.
I'm gone. You didn't think I could do it.
What does not change is a wheel to change. What does change is the capacity to change the past the beat threshold, what we see on the screen has changed our capacity to change it has changed just become geared.
The earth is offline. They are therapists offline and into the purity of its forms.
Along the rigorous provocations slouching like a sacrifice tentacles dream
and trillions of galaxies endless cells infinite infinities life is redundant reboot the universe now exponential increase information hemorrhaging, you cannot keep up.
Every time you click you hurt, reboot the universe now.
Temporal mental compressing time in a ratio of one to 1000 irrelevant moments obscured by seeming relevance effort in bent over backwards. The trees are only tiny sprouts, the sky appeal spore boredom begins here, universal redundancy made more redundant
summer in full serene fury.
I build a monument to a dead cow, put a photo of it on the plate. Glue the paint on the pole. And then we enter into the MIS transcriptions of survival traction and lead from air into species disconnected fragments of thoughts that scrutinize discourse
like fragile seem strange to the shimmering light.
We try to pick it up.
We reach down into the exhaust fumes and find a slip of paper on which is written the history of earth as told by a star that is never had planets with tone.
And the following installation has been Bruford durable audiences to the corporate branch of your identities core terrible tethered spores seeking threshold uncivilized audiences stern erotic dream debris dense emptiness a level to provoke vertigo.
The following review has been improved for listed audiences synthetic life neglected desk. Do not attempt this in your own holes you initialize foggier, your life file is almost complete your 00 is one Your mind is when you're certain morbid devout locked,
pure devout closed resilient frenetic undecided in different observed, schools, and smiles dichotomies of time.
Your light.
your light is war and war, and death.
Death is like a lock key to which you have not yet found.
Why is it. Why is it. Why is it. Why is it. Why is it. Why is it so if we can understand. Oh, we skipped that one. If we can feel more.
We might feel the word congealed for two.
And eventually, we might know that grace is arbitrary.
Just an energy and fears or rivers. Just energies. Excitement even is monotony all that dopamine and serotonin, being provoked. It's just a storm somewhere over the tracks, and even the tumors inside us generous complicit civilizations and truth.
Ah, Let's look at that sack full of tongues paralyzed.
What is a human palpitating bulging breathing shaking shivering. It's a machine. It's a machine made for making more machines, it's maybe a mind of your mind that's apparently scarred a mind apparently scarred by other minds.
It's not intriguing, how the metaphor works, how the metaphor is a meat core team rope.
I love you.
Of course, I love you. The message is all massage glance at the captions data plumbing network neurology, where it is, it makes flesh extrapolations gazing backwards like a mythological blinds here.
I never really read McLuhan's books. I only looked at them. I just still the logo on your plastic soul. I read the ship, other people underlined.
It's not that I believe everything Glenn said I know it will sun and wind breath and skin. Get over it. So what if we were talking about the end of all, no one life forms, even as a note a quarter alone word mutation rainwear ellipses continues.
Now that I've been ravaged by an intense light that ticks along inside, everything is different. And everything is much the same.
I still have no idea what to say.
But I know how I am seeing.
Increasingly, I am saying it with kindness, because the future is not cannot and will not ever be remembered
everything come through you. Thank you. Thank you for those comments
isn't the same.
And so, exactly. Exactly. So, imagine that the books all the books in the world are printed on your skin they're, they're manufactured from your spirit, they're, they're set inside your body, and that's a kind of raw war field of ancient violence and
fleas and beauty. That's guarding the mobile caves.
And this is kind of a norm, isn't it, but the calm nourishing ground being his ground in, and we're firing we're firing we're firing we're firing fire.
Clear smoke fire
burning somewhere.
What is a lonely heart for not for itself alone to the questions, answer themselves. No wonder, brought to a reckoning.
Do might be a mild anxiety that arises from the arbitrary
pressures that arise when you are placed into a cognitive apparatus placed into the devotional space of this very rare human body.
On this tiny little energetic and fluid planet with it. formal languages.
Having a near death platform experience.
Watching the boulders covered an ancient glyphs.
And the gliding symbolic organisms glowing as they flow through your flesh.
Everything is born here inside the delight. That one feels as one is in folded by the fabric of being disembodied inside the ephemeral esoteric effortless fluid flowing growing grace of time.
What is poetry about.
I'm not so sure. But maybe it's about orgasms fictions trees windows consciousness. Perhaps it's the Mandela of identity.
Maybe it's an egg and Ray are beautiful leg covered in language, its self inflicted memories with fall shrinkage. Is it love versus Hate, hate versus Love, love, and perhaps in this joyful era.
This epoch.
With our artificial intelligence toys will figure out loss and perplexity will initialize an incantation of fluttering morning plunging through the slow simmering juice mirror of transcendence.
It's the core of foreign stocks and blue bags and lifeless textiles.
It's a small epiphany of many forms estuary liberation power with no place to show, and no need in this time.
ripening
ripening ripening.
All of it is unstaffed gold bloom, where the verses endlessly belong to the tips of our fingers Nestor skin.
So has practiced it's balanced in her.
You can bend language and become the future.
So, the digital boy, formerly known as Java is now officially retired. Thank you. Hello.
No, I go back to here.
Thank you all very much.
Wow, thank you, thank you, Toby, um, I look forward to your post retirement work that you'll be doing.
There's so much in this additional chat window as well.
If anyone hasn't opened that up. I encourage you to take a look.
But also I hope it will not, you will not let it distract you at this moment from our last performance today which is a featured performance that I am very happy to be introducing by Carrie see show bang.
This is the system, 2.0.
Carrie Are you ready.
Yes, I'm ready.
Fantastic.
Candidate 3752, welcome to the content generator qualification test.
The test is simple, in a given amount of time type as much valid content as possible.
After each round of the test, you will be reintegrated by reading a list of carefully selected textual content.
Confirm your candidate 3752.
Yes I confirm.
You are a little nervous. Try deep breathing, a few times.
Now look into the camera focus.
Job subject confirmed. Get ready for the test now to pass the test and be a qualified content generator generate 4000 units of content and 540 units of time.
zero current speed.
470 targets speed.
470 targets speed
units of content generated.
4000 units of content.
165 units of time.
words count is valid content
was irrelevant.
align yourself with the system.
zero current speed.
615 target speed.
Zero units of content generated.
Listen, repeat and remember my nation intervene and end all conflicts protect us keep you ever free.
My name is for being and all conflicts, protect us ever free my nation intervene and all free me it's like high more than the shining mantels of our country invincible may have fly high more than the shining mantels of our country invincible may have
fly more.
May it fly.
Focus.
Zero great speed.
705 targets.
Zero units of content generated
thousand units of content left.
310 units of time.
Be yourself. Be a part of the test.
This is more like it. But you're still analyzing
the essence of the game is to stop thinking.
Three years yourself of logics and knowledge,
zero current speed.
Zero units of content generated.
Listen, repeat and remember for the flag stands the forests are singing new songs and news for the flats that's the forest singing your songs and news are with my struggle and gladiatorial patients drive off all enemies with my struggle gladiatorial patients
drive off all enemies.
The Dream grows waving and glory everlasting, the dream gross waving glory everlasting
focus.
zero current speed.
90 targets speed.
You are over complicating things, just type.
Don't recite slogans embed them into your body.
It is not about what you type. It's how you type that matters.
180 units of time.
744.
Listen, repeat And remember, you have my love and loyalty our country and those who suffer bless their passion, loyalty, our country, those who suffer bless their passion.
Our who. This is our land with honor and peace each day. This is our land give honor and peace each day.
This.
This. Honor honor each.
May the laurels be eternal that we may live blissfully under the banner. May the lauro's be eternal.
That way less blissfully under that banner that that we live by.
Establish and fortify us our beautiful and dear country, establish and four to five us, our beautiful to your country.
Focus.
thousand 434.
Listen, repeat and remember march forward sons and daughters of this gem beyond compare march forward sons and daughters, can be a compare bands and jam beyond sons sons and daughters, allow our country since the beginning and forever shall be our guiding
Holding high the banner of so fearless and gracious our object of faith, holding high but banner also fearless and gracious our objects, I'd say, Oh, so our.
So, pressing onward towards the ends and intense dreaming nation, pressing onwards, towards the end, and turn string, a nation.
All work towards as dream towards towards the end.
Focus.
3583 170 units of content left
of time.
Congratulations candidate 3752. You are one step closer to becoming a content generator in the office of content generation.
Thank you so much, Gary for the performance of beautiful.
Yeah, that was that was absolutely stunning and thank you.
For more about Carrie and curious work, please see her info and her site it's linked in the accompanying gallery site as well as the recorded performances that are there and I'll be adding the translated piece from from Daria and company as well to that.
And that is the conclusion of our program today. Thank you, to to Christopher and Daria and Dina and Java and carry.
And please feel free if you like those of you who are here to turn on your camera, your mic to be present, and to express your, your applause.
In a another sensory way
graduate.
It was fabulous.
Jesse says that was legit.